Add RN Screenshots (#5832)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/common/enriching-events/screenshots.mdx

<PlatformContent includePath="enriching-events/attach-screenshots" />

<PlatformSection supported={["react-native"]}>

> Screenshots are transfered from native SDKs to React Native over the Bridge. This can be a performance bottleneck on lower end devices. This happens only when capturing error event with the screenshots enabled. React Native New Architecture will improve the performance.

Reviewer: Can we rearrange it like so?

Also, it doesn't look like bridge needs to be capitalized based on these docs [here](https://reactnative.dev/docs/native-modules-ios#reserved-method-names). But we can also get around this by using 
```suggestion
Screenshots are transferred from native SDKs to React Native over the `Bridge`, and this happens only when an error event is captured with screenshots enabled. This can negatively impact performance on lower end devices, however, React Native New Architecture will improve performance.
```

> Screenshots are transfered from native SDKs to React Native over the Bridge. This can be a performance bottleneck on lower end devices. This happens only when capturing error event with the screenshots enabled. React Native New Architecture will improve the performance.

Author: Thank you for the comment, how does this sound?

```suggestion
When `attachScreenshot` is enabled and an error event is captured the screenshots are transferred from native SDKs to React Native over the bridge. This can negatively impact performance on lower-end devices, however, React Native New Architecture will improve the performance of the transfer as the data are not serialized.
```

Reviewer: That's much better. A couple needed commas, but otherwise this looks good:

```suggestion
When `attachScreenshot` is enabled and an error event is captured, the screenshots are transferred from native SDKs to React Native over the bridge. This can negatively impact performance on lower-end devices, however, React Native New Architecture will improve the performance of the transfer, as the data are not serialized.
```

Author: Thanks.
